[Music]
such stories as HG Welles War of the
Worlds and Jules Verne's 20,000 Leagues
Under the Sea have challenged mankind so
today man is successfully probing deep
into the mysteries of the universe can
he penetrate the greatest mystery of all
time itself
[Music]
it took the creative magic of George pal
and the fabulous production know-how of
metro-goldwyn-mayer to catapult you
through time into a world that is yet to
be why is it that we usually ignore the
fourth dimension you see we can move in
the other three as the doctor said up
down forwards backwards sideways but
when it comes to time you have prisoners
inventor Rod Taylor's breakthrough into
the realm of the fourth dimension is
defied by his friend Allen young if that
machine can do what you see it gun just
throw at George before it destroys you
every moment is a year hurtling through
the atomic Wars of the future on an
incredible excursion into the unknown
what are the people like ah the shape of
things to come
it's lovely Evette Mimieux and what
happens when boy meets girl thousands of
years hence how do they wear their hair
ooh the women of your time look like
that show me
[Music]
is this the human race of the future or
is this the Morlocks fiendish creatures
who live in a weird underground world
and the Eloi the tranquil sunshine
people who the Morlocks dominate and
maintain like cattle luring them below
with the hypnotic wail of the sirens to
feed upon in cannibalistic horror
[Music]
you